Replacing "svc" with "dso" and "dso party" (#5)
hyperledger-labs/splice: README.md

* Handles for amulet users, to make it easy to find counterparties on chain and exchange amulets with them. <br>

## Status

> The code that forms Splice was first implemented in June 2023 as part of a TestNet synchronizer operated by the members of an initial  Validator Collective. At that time Splice was a set of applications with various names including Canton Coin and Canton Name Service. The TestNet synchronizer has operated continuously since that time, with regular tests and software upgrades, using the code proposed for Splice to implement its operations, governance and payment applications. In late December 2023, Digital Asset and 46 separate financial institutions demonstrated 30 decentralized application deployments that synchronized roughly 350 financial transactions via the TestNet synchronizer. <br> <p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code that forms Splice was first implemented in June 2023 as part of a TestNet synchronizer operated by the members of an initial DSO. At that time Splice was a set of applications with various names including Canton Coin and Canton Name Service. The TestNet synchronizer has operated continuously since that time, with regular tests and software upgrades, using the code proposed for Splice to implement its operations, governance and payment applications. In late December 2023, Digital Asset and 46 separate financial institutions demonstrated 30 decentralized application deployments that synchronized roughly 350 financial transactions via the TestNet synchronizer. <br> <p>
```

Any group operating a Canton synchronizer may accept and implement new versions of the Splice reference applications at its own discretion. The amulet configuration used by any Canton synchronizer operating group can be made publicly available (visible) by that operating group. <br>

## Architecture
The following diagrams show how the Splice applications interact with the Daml platform from Digital Asset.<br>
The following diagram shows how the Splice applications interact with the Daml platform from Digital Asset.<br>

> ![SV Node Architecture](./images/Super%20Validator%20Architecture%20Diagram%20for%20Splice-1.jpg)

Reviewer: I'd remove unused files in the same PR, not in separate ones.

Author: Again, I need to learn how to do this in in the UI.

> ![SV Node Architecture](./images/Splice-Canton-Global-Synchronizer.jpg)

Reviewer: Did you mean to also include this new image? I don't see it in this PR.

Author: I did mean to include it; the image goes in a separate folder. I don't know the way in this UI to add the image in the same PR.
